
• How my gender makes me the social person that I am
• Opportunities and constraints (of my gender)
• Offer a personal assessment

For me, my sense of humour has always been the central part of my entire personality. It essentially gives me social assurance to establish new friendships. Being a male has, therefore, made me develop humour that synergizes with the gender of my kind today. I do have friends from the other genders, of course, but I do not think that our connections are as solid as it is with the boys. So being a guy definitely gave me the socialization skills that fit my current personality the most. [Fortunately for me, I don't think that I had any experiences that me superior or inferior in relation to my gender. I have a bad memory, so maybe I did have some of kind of experiences but could somehow no longer recall them. I will instead share the experiences of my friends or other people that I know.]

Society has set standards for men that stereotypically define them to be strong, masculine, dominant, emotionally inert, etc. Failure in meeting such standards will result in humiliation and discrimination. As a child in elementary school, I was never like “the other boys.” I was not physically active, I get tired often, I have a weak body, and I never got to experience what others might call “larong kalye” since I was an introvert: one might typically think of me as a spoiledbrat. I was the “weird kid” in class and talked to everyone in English almost all of the time, even with my parents. I only played video games inside the house and my parents were serious about refraining me from immersing myself to the outside world. I was fully unaware of what was trendy at those times; Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and other social media platforms were completely alien to me, so I had no idea about what other children of my age were into. As a result, I was not able to fully relate to my fellow male classmates at that time—who would often go to the school gym and play games involving rigorous movements like “patintero” or “agawan base.” I did, however, had two friends who also had similar experiences to mine; they were the only friends I could fully express myself onto. It was only until in my high school days have I opened myself to the world—gained a lot of new knowledge and experiences—and became the person that you all know and love today.

If I were to take one lesson that I learned from my experiences in the past, it would be that every person that stepped on Earth had their own reason to live—regardless of their gender, race, ethnicity, or religion. We are all intellectual beings, people that all came from the same ancestors. Everyone has their own specialties, and is great in their own way. Never change yourself for the sake of other people, as you are already perfect the way you are. I may not have some of the things that the others boys had, but they also did not have some of the things that I had. They were, in a way, better than me, and I was, in a way, better than them. We can never claim that we know everything, we can't always be the best in the world, but we can be better. Sometimes, just being better is the best.

[Draft]
Everyone has their own specialties, and is great in their own way. Never change yourself for other people, as you are already perfect the way you are. There will always be a spotlight for you out in the open world. It may not be easy to find, but it's out there, and it's waiting for you.

[Ericka]
As a lady, I have always believed that not all people are the same. Some people, whether male or female, have unique skills that not everyone can do better than themselves. I also believe in not judging someone's ability based on their gender or sexuality. To be honest, being a girl in this world is not easy. I grew up with two older brothers, and I'm very close to them, to the point where I've developed the same hobbies as them. My classmates used to tell me I was weird when I was in elementary school, and I didn't realize it was because I preferred playing tag and other physical activities to playing with dolls or jack stones with the other girls in our class. I had no idea what to do at the time, but I knew I needed to fit in with the girls. It's sad to think that this society makes a stereotype that girls is for pink and boys is for blue. Blue is my favorite color as I child and I still remember my teacher told me that blue is for boys. I also remember showing the beetle I caught to one of my female classmates, and she screamed at the top of her lungs, but I'm glad they still accept me as a friend after that. 
 It's really sad to think that the world always expects you to live in some certain way whether you are male of female. I always view male and female as equal, they all have advantages and dissavantages with each other but it's really unfortunate that not all people think of it this way, they think male is more capable of doing all things in this world. Some people that I know, I remember them telling me that I can't be a leader like my brothers but guess what every groupings since I was in the elementary till now that I'm a senior high school student, I'm the leader of every group in every subjects. I don't like arguing with other people but I love showing them what I can do or capable as a girl living in this society. There is no a limit of what a girl like me can accomplish and that goes same with everyone. Everything can be done may working hard.
