
Going back to Bongbong Marcos, Junior's presence was not felt during CNN Philippines' presidential debate held on February 27. He chose to campaign over Pangasinan along with his vice presidential running mate—Sara Duterte—instead of participating in the said program. Among the 10 frontrunners, Marcos was the only absentee. Junior was also a no-show on both the first and second Pilipinas Debates 2022 by the Commission on Elections on March 19 and April 3 respectively. Among the 10 frontrunners, Marcos—for the second and third time—was the only absentee on both debates. Since the official start of the national campaign season on February 8, Junior has been deciding to skip interviews, forums, and debates most of the time; saying he would rather campaign than attend debates and “repeat and repeat the same thing” until the debates get “personal.” 

Philippine social media has been booming with support to Marcos Jr., motivated by the continuous spread of misinformation that aims to cleanse the family's name. Facebook, YouTube, TikTok, and Twitter have been flooded with false and misleading information about the “golden age” on former president-dictator Marcos' reign, with viewers being subjected to propaganda and falsified claims. Facebook is the country's number 1 most used platform, accounting to around 76 million Filipino users. Pro-Marcos pages have been disseminating misinformation regarding Junior's “clean” track record and the assertion of his father's economic achievements, wealth, and the state of his promised “new society” under the dictator's administration; all of which have been checked by independent fact checkers and have arrived at the same conclusion as false information.

Let us be wise. We voters have been granted great power—a privilege—to choose and decide the future of the nation and generations to come. We take part in the future; it is our responsibility. The Philippines is still suffering from all the consequences brought by dictator Ferdinand Marcos' impulsive actions to this day. We are yet to recover. If history will ever repeat itself—as in the case of Marcos Jr.—we may never know if the next generation of Filipinos could ever handle a modernized 70s.