
The world has been struggling to cope with climate change for the past century. It is slowly bringing the world to the point of no return, and we are no longer very distant from it now. Future generations may see a world that is very different from what it is today. The only way to counter this is if we all work together, as a species. Every nation must get involved and move in sync with one another, as the essence of unity is the key to propelling forward. 

Climate change refers to the rapid changes in climatic patterns and temperatures due to the emission of greenhouse gases caused by human activities. This results in more frequent heatwaves, forest fires, rising temperatures, rising sea levels, more intense storms, the melting of polar glaciers, etc. More of its effects include the drastic loss of the Earth's biodiversity. The main factors driving biodiversity loss include habitat destruction, invasive species, overexploitation, pollution, and of course, climate change. Because of this, future Earthlings may no longer witness what's left of this beautiful world we live in. The trees, skies, clouds, rivers, seas, and oceans may not be as stunning and healthy as it is now; and declining biodiversity is closely intertwined with species extinction.

With the effects being this severe, international action is obligatory. Along with the rest of the population, global institutions are tasked to return the favour to the environment by ratifying drastic measures to retard the rapid changes in climate. While international steps are already being considered and implemented, the current rate of action needs to be accelerated even further, as this issue is getting more and more urgent by the years. Conservation practices and policies—ranging from the exclusion of invasive species, to setting aside protected land for wildlife and plants, to establishing the Philippine Toxic Substances, Hazardous and Nuclear Waste Control Act of 1990—have been put in place to combat these extinction pressures. Currently, more than 26,500 species are estimated to be at risk of extinction, though the exact number is difficult to calculate (National Geographic Society, 2019). The common population must also give assistance; by the act of performing simple tasks such as recycling waste, picking up rubbish, reducing plastic output, use of public transport instead of private vehicles, planting trees, educating the public, etc. Such measures won't make a significant change by itself; but when done by the many, they can be significant enough to help heal the world. 

Progress is great, but it doesn't have to cost our planet. The world has already surpassed countless struggles. The idea that unity and integrity lead to success is evident, and has been proven countless times throughout history. If we did it before, we can certainly do it again.