
Name 
Section
Adress
Relationship status
Hobbies
Talents

Magandang araw Cabiao Senior High School. Ako po si Clark Aldrei P. Mercado, mula sa Grade 11 – STEM Euler. Ako po ay nakatira sa San Fernando Sur, Cabiao, Nueva Ecija. Ako po ay single. Hobbies ko po ang maglaro ng video games, tumugtog ng piano ng piano, mag-remix ng mga kanta, at magcompose o magsulat ng musika.

As Typhoon Karding wreaked havoc in Central Luzon last September 26, it stroke through our hometown—Cabiao. The lights were out for a week in our purok; boredom was thus a friend.

• ✓ no internet, cannot play my favourite game genshin impact 
• ✓ had to constantly find a source of electricity to keep rechargeable portables alive
• gave me time to do some other things (I finally got to touch my guitar and glockenspiel)
• we take things for granted

One of the worst nightmares of a young person like me was the absence of the internet. Well I guess my worst nightmare was just about to come to light. I wasn't able to play my favourite online game for a week—it was a demanding game where I had to log in everyday to get precious rewards. I had to painfully accept the fact that I'll be missing out a lot. The only burst of serotonin that I'm really getting throughout the week was the act of having to constantly find a source of electricity to keep rechargeable portables (e.g. cell phones, flashlights, power banks, etc.) alive; I get to travel around town. The rest of my day was just a hot and mundane walk around the house. Laying flat on the bed, staring at the ceiling, I knew I needed to do something.

The blackout gave me time for me to finally touch my guitar that has been rotting on a dark corner for ages. I'm still a begginer at the guitar and I rarely had time to enhance my skills. 

I made good melodies which I could potentially finish into a proper song in the future.

re-experi

Some good things are found in the past as it the foundation of the future.
