
So it's been 2 years since I first watched this movie and up until now, I can still feel its aftereffects. I can never thank the director and the staff ENOUGH for making such a wonderful film. The twists, the crispiness of the animation quality, the art style, the soundtrack, it's perfect.

This movie has opened me the gates to the world of anime. Which then opened it's own doors for me to the realm of music.

Oo alam kong hindi ako yung mga veteran weeb na nakakapanood ng 70 episodes a day at 100 anime series kada buwan. Di rin ako ung OG mf na nanonood ng one piece naruto dragon ball na Tagalog dub sa TV nung bata pa at isa nang ganap na veteran weeb ngayon.

Hindi man ito ang best movie/anime of all time, I can really say na this movie is what made me who I am today — isang cringe nibba na diyos ng cyber bullying HAHAHAHA. Pero joking aside, ito talaga ang nagbukas sa akin patungo sa larangan ng musika, which I really want to pursue. It gave me new musical inspiration and ideas and a new perspective to the concept of music. And just like what I said earlier, this is where I started to get submerged into Japanese culture and anime in which nakakatapos ako ng isang series sa loob ng 3 months on average WAHAHAHAHA. PATHETIC.

Alam kong sinabi ko na 'to but still, what are the odds... Everything was timed perfectly. From the animating process, to the release, to the time when I finally decided to watch it... It forged me to the nigga that you niggas know today (I actually don't know if that's good or bad).

Again, I can never thank the staff enough for making such a beautiful masterpiece. Though not everyone will agree and that's perfectly fine.

Yeh alam ko wala namang nagtatanong at may pake pero ala gusto ko lng gomaua ng appreciation post WAHAHAHAHAHA