
The world has been struggling to cope with climate change for the past century. It is slowly bringing the world to the point of no return, and we are no longer very distant from it now. Future generations may see a world that is very different from what it is today. The only way to counter this is if we all work together, as a species. International governments should get involved and move in sync with each other, as the essence of unity is the key to propelling forward. 

Climate change refers to the rapid changes in climate patterns and temperatures due to the emission of greenhouse gases caused by human activities. This results into more frequent heatwaves, forest fires, rising temperatures, rising sea levels, more intense storms, the melting of Arctic glaciers, etc. Because of this, future Earthlings may no longer witness what's left of this beautiful world we live in. The trees, skies, clouds, rivers, seas, and oceans may not be as stunning and healthy as it is now; and some animal species might even be declared extinct.

With the effects being this severe, international action is obligatory. Along with the rest of the population, global governments are tasked to return the favour to Mother Nature and ratify drastic measures to retard the rapid changes in climate. While international steps are already being considered and implemented, the current rate of action needs to be accelerated even further, as this issue is being more and more urgent by the years. The common population should also give assistance; by the act of performing simple tasks such as: recycling waste, picking up rubbish, reducing plastic output, use of public transport, planting trees, educating the public, etc. Such measures won't make a significant change; but when done by the many, it can be significant enough to help heal the world.

The world has already surpassed countless struggles. The idea that unity and integrity leads to success is evident and has been proven countless times throughout history. If we did it before, we can certainly do it again.