
For the programming of the device, before anything else, we first have to define the pin addresses of the components. The trigPin of the ultrasonic sensor was connected to digital pin No. 8, its echoPin at digital pin No. 7,  vibration motor motorPin at digital pin No. 5, piezo buzzer ringPin at digital pin No. 3, LED at digital pin No. 11, and the button at digital pin No. 2. The initial state of two variables was set, and a new variable was defined for the coding of the button. The void setup then assigned whether the connected pins acted as an input or an output. So output for the trigPin, input for the echoPin, output for the motorPin, output for the ringPin, and input for the button. A serial monitor was then used. So this section of the code essentially powers the LED by the use of a button. If the LED is high, so is the rest of the components, meaning that the state of the LED defines whether the device is active or not. And now that the LED is high, the device begins to work as we enter the void loop. The trigger pin of the ultrasonic sensor constantly sends pulses of sound waves by rapidly switching it on and off. The echo pin then receives the waves and calculates the distance by multiplying the time it took to bounce back from the obstacle by the speed of sound, which is denoted as 0.34 cm/microsecond. It was then divided by 2 as only the one way distance of the path of the sound waves is needed. So let's skip the if statements for the moment and we'll get back to it shortly. Heading on to the void ribrates. So “ribrate” is a term we used that combined the words “ring” and “vibrate,” and is divided into four different classes. At ribrate1, the vibration motor and piezo buzzer will activate and deactivate in succession every 1000 microseconds or 1 second, with the buzzer set to play the note D# at ribrate2 every 750 microseconds or 0.75 seconds, playing the note E; at ribrate3 every 500 microseconds or half a second, playing the note F; and at ribrate4 every 250 microseconds or 0.25 seconds, playing the note F# So the rate in which the vibration motor and piezo buzzer activate gets progressively more frequent for every increase in Class number; the pitch or note of the buzzer also gets noticeably higher. So now going back to the if statements, if the distance of the obstacle is within 75 to 100 cm, it will execute ribrate1; if within 50 to 74 cm execute ribrate2; if within 25 to 49 execute ribrate3, and if within 4 to 24 execute ribrate4. If the distance is beyond the scope of all of these divisions, that is, if it is greater than 100 cm or less than 4 cm, the device will execute void stop and the vibration motor and piezo buzzer will no longer activate, but the device will remain on.