
February 12, 2022

upcoming President of the Philippines
Cabiao, Nueva Ecija
Philippines

Mr./Ms. President,

I am a resident of San Fernando Sur, Cabiao, Nueva Ecija, and I would like to present some issues that needs urgent attention of the authorities. First and foremost, the country's sovereignty is a sacred pact and should not be undervalued nor ignored. Our neighboring country to the north, China, is capitalizing on our territorial waters as we speak; claiming our ecological resources and devastating the country's diverse marine wildlife. The current president shows little to no efforts in resolving this issue, despite meeting with the Chinese President several times. You, as the next president of this nation, are obliged to make a step in closing this matter. The lives and livelihood of our local fishermen and the ecosystems of our marine life are on the line. 

Furthermore, the sector of agriculture has been struggling for ages. Rice tariffs have ultimately lowered the prices of local rice, which worsened the living qualities of our domestic farmers. Imports have always been the “best” choice, with no regards as to how it could influence the local standardization of prices. This hurts our farmers more than anything else, and needs critical recognition from the government; this will not only affect agricultural workers and the price of goods, but the entire economy is also subjected to this crisis. 

These are only some of the countless concerns our country is struggling with today. I hope you take your job seriously as being the president takes courage and immense responsibility. We expect more from you. This country is not a circus, and we are not hiring a clown. You are held credible for what this country becomes in the span of your administration. Wether it be in a good or bad way, you will be remembered by the nation for the rest of time. May God bless the Philippines. 

Sincerely yours,

Clark Mercado