
There are three major types of fossil fuels: coal, which comes from the remains of plants and trees (botanical remains); oil—mainly petroleum—which comes from the remains of animals (zoological remains); and natural gas—mainly methane—which is a by-product of petroleum.

Since their discovery, fossil fuels have had a major impact in our daily lives. We've grown more dependent on them over time as a species. Fossil fuels are used to generate electricity, power the engines of transportion vehicles, cook food, heat up homes and establishments, among many other things. We simply cannot live without fossil fuels; that it until cleaner, renewable, and more reliable sources of energy (e.g., solar energy, wind evergy, hydroelectricity, etc.) become implemented at a large scale in such a way that they could make fossil fuels obsolete.



There are two geomorphic processes: endogenous and exogenous.

The endogenous process creates or constructs landforms. On the other hand, the exogenous process modifies or remodels the landforms created by the endogenous process.

Geomorphic Agents:
• Gravity naturally pulls everything down, so any rocks that come off off a cliff will fall down to the ground to weather.
• • The flowing water of rivers, moving ice of glaciers, and waves/tides of oceans and lakes move objects along their path.
• The wind also picks up anything light enough and drags it to the direction it is blowing to.
• • Plants, animals, humans, and other organisms act as biological geomorphic agents and can modify anything around them based on their movement and behaviour.



The rock cycle begins with igneous rocks undergoing weathering, then erosion, transportation, and deposition. They then become sediments, and under the lithification process, they become sedimentary rocks. With the application of heat, pressure, and chemical alterations, the sedimentary rocks transform into metamorphic rocks. These rocks then melt and turn into magma. The magma then rises, cools, and crystallizes into extrusive and intrusive igneous rocks. The cycle then begins anew.



The two important types of metamorphism are regional and contact metamorphism. Regional metamorphism occurs over a large area at convergent plate boundaries and the rocks get metamorphosed into regional metamorphic rock under the immense pressure of the converging plates. Meanwhile, contact metamorphism occurs when the surrounding rocks come into contact with a heat source (most likely magma) and the immense heat metamorphoses them into contact metamorphic rocks.



The Plate Tectonics Theory suggests that the Earth's surface is made up of different landmasses—called plates—that are split apart from each other and are moving. On the other hand, Seafloor Spreading is just simply another term for divergent plate boundaries.

1. True
2. True
3. True
4. True
5. Double cones
6. 3000
7. Faulting
8. True
9. Altitude
10. True

1. Transportation
2. Uplift
3. Igneous Rocks
4. Lithification
5. Sedimentary Rocks
6. Earth's Surface
7. Sediments
8. Chemical Alterations
9. Crystallizes
10. Melting

1. Foliated; Regional
2. Foliated; Regional
3. Foliated; Regional
4. Foliated; Regional
5. Non-foliated; Regional
6. Non-foliated; Contact
7. Non-foliated; Regional or Contact
8. Non-foliated; Regional or Contact
9. Non-foliated; Regional or Contact
10. Not a metamorphic rock

