
‼️REMINDERS‼️
Date: August 31, 2023 (Thursday)

🔴 CPAR
◽Deadline: September 5, 2023 (Tuesday)
◾Form a group based on the talent or interest you have.
◾Please do vote/fill up the poll until September 5, 2023 (Tuesday). 
▫️Do not join the group just because your friends are there; join the group based on the potential or talent you have that really piques your interest.
▫️The class president will create a poll for those who are interested in the following selections:
◾Visual Arts
▪️Photography
▪️ Painting
▪️Sketch
◾Music
▪️Singing
▪️Playing instruments 
▪️Music Arrangement
▪️Composing
◾Poetry
▪️ Writing poetries
▪️Deliveration
◾Dance
▪️Hiphop
▪️Modern
▪️Contemporary 
▪️Ballroom
▪️Folk
▪️etc.
◾Film
▪️ Videography 
▪️Cinematography 
▪️Editing
▪️ Directing 
◽Deadline: September 7, 2023 (Thursday)
◾Fill up the form given today. (August 31, Thursday)

🔴 PRACTICAL RESEARCH 2
◾Kindly bring the following: 
▪️Long White folder with fastener (for Student's Portfolio)
▫️ The photocopy of front cover will be provided (1 bond paper is equal to 2 students)
▪️Yellow Paper
▪️Black/Blue Ballpen

🔴 PHYSICAL EDUCATION
◽Deadline: September 4, 2023 (Monday)
◾Recite the meaning of Physical Education:
Physical Education is an integral part of educational program designed to promote optimum development of an individual physically, mentally, socially, emotionally, and given spiritually in the performance of properly selected physical activities.
◾Provide yellow notebook 
▪️Physical Education 
▪️Name of the Student
▪️Cover the notebook with plain yellow paper or you can design it related to the subject 
▪️Write the meaning of PE on the first page (be creative)
◾1/2 Index card
▪️Include a formal 2x2 picture (upper right)
Name: (Surname, First Name, Middle Name)
Section:
◾Create a column
▪️Column 1 Date:
▪️Column 2 Activity:
▪️Column 3 Score:
▪️Column 4 Remarks:
▪️Column 5 Signature:

🔴 GENERAL PHYSICS 1
◾Pass the Pre-Calculus and Basic Calculus subject (grades yata 'to, ewan kung need pa since lahat pasado naman)
◾Provide an orange notebook for lecturing
◾ Scientific Calculator
◾1/4 Index Card 
▪️Name: Surname, First Name, Middle Initial
▪️Section:
▪️Subject:
▫️Purpose: for individual and group scoring
▫️For those who sent photos of lectures in Earth Science and Practical Research last month, you have 5 points already to be written on your index card.

P. S. Please correct me if I included incorrect information regarding the reminders above. Thank you!