
Hello and good day to you all. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has always been an oblivion to us. It had shook us down to the ground, it had shook us to our very core. It was a true test of our weakness, strength, patience, and unity. The pandemic has evidently proven our inevitable grasp of the future. We can never tell what's next. Life isn't a television series where you can see a snapshot of the next episode. 

In these desperate times, there are those who still chose to care despite the barricades that retaliated them from doing so. These are our frontliners. I can never  express my utmost gratitude enough for the brave stance of our beloved frontliners. They have been our guiding light in the face of this dark and gloomy path to the future. They have given their lives to saving the world than saving it for oneself. They are the ones who found strength in their weaknesses, to persevere and endure in spite of the overwhelming struggles. And they were the ones who said, “we can do this,” when the rest of the world said, “there is no hope.” Not all heroes wear capes. Our flag does not fly because the wind moves it. It flies with the last breath of each frontliner who had fallen while protecting it.

So now, I stand right before you, expressing my utmost gratitude. Thank you for the sacrifices, thank you for the hardwork, thank you for putting your very lives on the line for the sake of the world. Thank you, our dear frontliners. Your efforts will forever be appreciated and your legacy will always remain present in our flag. That is all, and thank you for listening.