---
tags:
  - Keep/Pinned
---

Draw a future that you'll be happy to have

To: bruh
It might've only taken you until 2024 to open this gift, becoz I only used a small tape roll unlike yours which is ginormous lol lol lol. Anyways congrats bruh you have done it wow! You finished junior high school!!!?????? Noo wayyyyy!!! Very poggers! Very poggers moment desu desu.., true real poggers momento .. Very cool awesome Mariz momentoes. Four years has gone by bruh why doe. Can we like,, idk stop time for a moment or sumthin? I'm not ready yet.

We've been through a lot since elementary, and up until now we're still awesome friends (very poggers again). You were so cool and amazing back then, and you are even cooler and more amazing today!! Yeet! We've known  each other for a long time, to the point that I started looking at you in a different way. Although we barely talk, I cherished every single moment I had with you; when all of them seemed like normal conversations to you, they were very special memories to me. 

Please do not watch the Twice M/V of their song, “Signal,” at timestamps 1:31–1:39 with the English subtitles on on YouTube. If you really don't decide to watch it, then let me just say it for you. I've really been meaning to tell you this the whole time, but I just couldn't find the perfect moment for it. And now, I can't hold these dumb feelings any longer. Ms. Mariz, I like you. Not the “like” that just means like, but the like that means “like.” 好きだよ、ばか。I've never met anyone like you; so charming, elegant, noble, but also malakas ang trip at tinatamaan ng bahog at the same time WHAHAHAHAHA. From the moment I found you, I knew it was you. Idk maybe I really just took the wrong path in 7th Grade WAHAHAHHAHA. But nonetheless, whatever path I may take, it is evident that it'll always lead back to you (please do not also watch the OMV of “Bawat Daan” by Ebe Dancel at timestamp 1:16). Just like what I said in my speech, “Lumiko lang ako dahil traffic sa main highway, pero ang destinasyon ko, ’yon pa rin, ’yon,” at ikaw ang destinasyon ko, Mariz. WHAHAHAHAHA idk what I'm saying corny-ass mf bruh I'd be better off dead lol lol lol coz if you're reading this I'm probs dead from embarrassment fr fr fr fr. But if there's one thing that I don't want to lose, it's our friendship. I don't want this event to be the reason why we suddenly stop talking and forget each other. I really just want my feelings to reach the person that it wants to reach; but if it means losing that person, then I hold myself responsible for that. I would've also regretted if I never told you how I really felt, and the time will come when I really have to tell it, and it's today. Sana nga hindi talaga magbago ang pagtingin.

Kanina sa jeep ang last moments together

Anywayz look at all the crap I gave you!! I gots them tape back coz u real good at wasting tape bruh wth tape don't grow from trees goddnammit. I also have this very cool toy because you are very cool and you are like this very cool toy! I gave you sum money so you won't have to work all day and night for commissions no more!!!! Save your back man jeezzzz........ And this weird crap gift idk it's really shitty like bruh don't even open that shit bruh bruh bruh (not even kidding that's shit's really crappy lol lololololol [I'm seriously not kidding]). The photos we had on class picture day was the first photos we had. I only remembered about it yesterday evening and I really wanted to print that photo and put it in this gift I'm so dumb lololololol.

I'm really sorry if this might've shocked you. Please don't think about it too much; it's really just a dumb person telling his dumb feelings to an amazing person. A dumb person who had fallen for his amazing friend. I am certain that you'll be going places someday, lots of places. My biggest advice—and I always tell you this—is to enjoy all the small things you have today, especially your youth. When you grow up, you'll constantly reminisce back to the days when you were still young. The right time will arrive when we become obliged to enter the labour force and make a living out of ourselves, but that time has yet to come. Take things slowly; do the all things that you can only do now, while you still can—for we are not children forever.

“Attain your dreams, little by little.” Paint a future that you'll be happy to have, stroke by stroke.



