

Paragraph # 1: Introduction

Catchy Hook:
We Filipinos—living in a tropical country—has always struggled with staying cool every summer. Keeping the fan at max speed and drinking lots of cold water has always been the mundane routine of Filipinos every heat season. But what if I told you that, somewhere in the Philippines, lies a haven for heat dwellers?

Background Information:
The City of Baguio is a 1st class highly urbanized city in the Cordillera Administrative Region in the Philippines. It is favoured for its cool climate, in which it is famously known as the “Summer Capital of the Philippines.” The city's lowest elevation goes only at 26 m above sea level, while its highest elevation goes all the way to 2,253 m—which gives light to its chilling atmosphere.

Thesis Statement:
Baguio City is the perfect destination for people like you that are in need of rest, relaxation, and cooling. A retreat to the hassles of the scorching heat of summer!

Paragraph # 2
Reason # 1: 
Aside from the cool weather, the Summer Capital of the Philippines is also known for its famous destinations!

Evidence # 1:
With Burnham Park, Wright Park, Baguio Botanical Garden, Mines View Park, Igorot Stone Kingdom, Our Lady of Lourdes Grotto, and SM Baguio to name a few. All of which are scenic landmarks where everyone can come and enjoy!

Paragraph # 3
Reason # 2:
Baguio City is also famous for its delicious and appetizing food!

Evidence # 2:
The critically-acclaimed Good Shepherd Ube Jam traces its origins back to Baguio City. The city is also known for its strawberry farms and its own altered version of taho, known as the “strawberry taho.” Delicious sweets shops that sell chocolate cringkles and peanut brittles are also scattered in souvenir shops all around the city. No vegetable can ever be as fresh than those that are picked or bought in Baguio City. Excellent for making delicious chop suey at home!

Paragraph # 4
Reason # 3:
And finally—the main attraction—Baguio's temperate climate!

Evidence # 3:
The average summer temperature in Baguio is at a chilling 20° C, compared to the rest of the country at 29° C. With this in mind, the streets of Baguio are almost always covered in a blanket od fog, and it gets thickest every morning. At higher elevations, you could see the fog slide across the faces of the mountains. The sun peeks from the clouds at a seldom rate, and the scenery almost feels like as if you were in a dreamy landscape!

Paragraph #_5 Conclusion
Restate Thesis Statement:
As you can see, Baguio City has everything you could possibly need to battle the hot summers in the Philippines. It is equipped with scenic destinations, amazing food, and cool climate; perfect for a fun family trip!

Call to action or closing statement:
Summer is closing in, and it's getting kinda hot right now. So what are you waiting for? Let's go beat the heat and explore the stunning wonders of Baguio City!
