
A survey questionnaire was disseminated among 50 Grade 10 STE students

Generic Humour
High School Humour
Complex Humour

Methodology
            The different meme humour styles of the students were determined through their exposure to compilations of various meme clips. The clips where divided into three (3) classes: Class 1 contains generic, easily comprehensible memes, sourcing mainly from TikTok and are often referred to radiate “good vibes”; Class 2 contains high school humour memes, sourcing mainly from Facebook and YouTube and are often referred to be the usual humour of high school students; Class 3 contains complex humour that only a small number of people understand, sourcing mainly from Discord and Reddit and are oftern referred to be typically ironic, sarcastic, deep, and abstract.
                        A survey questionnaire was disseminated among 50 Grade 10 STE students.

Complex Humour contains explicit content

The different meme humour styles of the students were determined through their exposure to compilations of various meme clips. The clips where divided into three (3) classes: 
a. Class 1: Generic Humour. Class 1 contains generic, easily comprehensible, and joyful memes. Sourcing mainly from TikTok, they are often referred to radiate “good vibes” and usually contain funny clips of animals or people doing silly things. Class 1 is suitable for all ages, but people with Class 3 humour might find it cringey.
b. Class 2: High School Humour. Class 2 contains memes that are relevant to high school life. Sourcing mainly from Facebook and YouTube, they are often referred to be the usual humour of high school students. Class 2 also contains other clips—similar to Class 1—that are mostly relevant to Millennials and Gen Zs.
c. Class 3: Complex Humour contains explicit humour that is uncommon among people. Sourcing mainly from Discord and Reddit, they are often referred to be typically ironic, sarcastic, explicit, deep, and abstract. Examples of memes in this Class include 21st century humour, LowRes memes, dark/edgy memes, surreal memes, and aggressive humour. Only a small number Millenials and Gen Zs reside on this Class, and is often incomprehensible among older ages.

Dank
Dark
Ironic
Abstract
Explicit
Offensive