
You know, it really amazes me when people tend to create new interpretations of the same media whenever they try to look at it again after a certain period of time. I've seen and proven this phenomena for quite a few times now, and most of them are from my own experiences in watching anime. I've re-watched the movie Your Name for four times now, I think; and for each session, I gain new knowledge and realizations that I wouldn't have otherwise known. And in the case of K-On, this was evident in their song for Azusa.

Man. Tenshi ni Fureta yo has never felt this “real,” in a way. I mean, I am now in their situation. Yes, I know that I'll get here someday, and I'm aware of the inevitability of time. But I never knew that I'd arrive here at such a quick pace. I mean, I was only in 8th grade when I was in school for the last time. And look at me now, in line with the graduating batch. It wouldn't be too hard for me if my friends and I plan to study at the same school for our senior years. But no, we really are going separate ways this time. So the girls' song for Azusa has never touched me this so dearly. I really do felt that I've been touched by angels. Graduation isn't the end.



S2E16. Azunyan tries to revert back to her old self, since she notices that their club is slacking off. She realized that she is not her same old self anymore, where she scolds the others and tries to make them practice. When she realizes this, she decides to try and revert back to her old self. But as we can see with each interaction she has with each of her senpai, she forgets her main focus and just goes with the flow with what the senpais are doing. 