
“Why Women Wash The Dishes” is a short story by Filomeno Colendrino. It shows a married couple arguing on whether which one of them should wash the dishes. It is an amazing literary piece that accurately depicts controversial scenarios that are still happening in real life.

The story began with the line, “Ka Ugong's chest sank again.” The hook statement was abrupt, which makes you—the reader—want to keep reading further. The story is centered around two characters: Ka Ugong, the husband, and Ka Maldang, the wife. Judging by the descriptions in the story, Ka Ugong was a farmer and Ka Maldang was a housewife. We can clearly visualize the setting as a small hut in the middle of a farm field, and that the story took place inside the hut in front of the dinner table. The setting represented the typical Filipino countryside atmosphere. The conflict was introduced head-on, right after the first paragraph with Ka Ugong's line, “You are the woman. You should do all the housework.” From that point on, we can now clearly tell that the conflict was about household role assignment.

Throughout the story, Ka Ugong was seen as a lazy, dull, and idle husband; whereas Ka Maldang was pictured as a hardworking housewife. The features of the characters were not directly described in the story. Instead, the reader would later visualize the characters based on the description of their actions and lines, and not by physical means. Their dialogues went through and were sincerely expressive towards one another. Ka Maldang's lines were especially dominant with significant tonality; her supreme assertion of her claims was of particular notice, accurately depicting the capabilities and power of women in real life. The actions were planned well and sequenced smoothly throughout the story, as one dialogue lead to the other. The plot and conflict of the story were highly likely to be derived from the subjective stories of other people that faced similar problems or were influenced by the social status/inequalities of men and women in the modern world, and the story was constructed from thereon. Either way, the accuracy and relevance of the piece were evident.

As you continue to read the story, you would most likely feel a sensation of suspense. Because of how expressive the characters are, it feels as if the dialogues put you into the story and that the characters are talking, let alone, shouting at you. You might even feel a slight increase in your heart rate. The story's denouement was clear; it demonstrated the success of Ka Maldang's stance and that she had defended what she was fighting for. 

In reality, washing the dishes is only the very least of a married couple's problems. Fault-finding and counting each other's contributions are far too technical. One of the many factors that contribute to the separation of married couples is poor decision-making. But problems are just problems—we are bigger than our problems. Yes, it is stereotypical that women are notorious for doing house chores, but men should also know when to initiate—such as doing simple tasks like washing the dishes. Devise an equal division of home duty assignments for instance, or maybe even form alternating schedules. Such conflict of least concern should not be intensified to an unbearable degree. The title of the story has been answered clearly, as one key theme of the piece is misogyny or women suppression. Why DO women wash the dishes? Women are not for domestic purposes only. A woman can do what a man can do, and a man should also do what a woman does, whilst bearing the concept of initiation in mind.
