
The sole purpose of why I highly insisted you to do the confession thingy was purely for assurance. You were so vexed by your past that it influences your everyday life in a negative degree; to the point that you can't even think straight as the thought of your past mistakes and regrets keep lingering on you. I'm so tired of seeing you complain at the gc about it. I really wanted to help you, but I'm fully aware that words only go in the left side of your ear and come out of the right. Persuading you is pointless, and approaching you is difficult—since you always devise a diversion to drive the topic away from the issue (via Yui pics or some shit).

Again, I only wanted you to do it to get a justified answer. To finally break the chains that bind you to past (past word counter: 3). It's that feeling with that particular person that restricts you from moving forward. Trying to get your feelings across can feel like a fruitless endeavour. But they, you still managed to reach her regardless of what happened between both of you. And now that you've done your part—you've told her everything she needs to know, you've told her everything that you've been wanting to let go this whole time—I believe it's time to move on. 

Whatever happened back then will stay like that forever, it will never change. Well you can cry about it, you can regret about all the shit you did as much as you want, you can tell yourself how much of a fucked up person you are back then, but it won't do anything. No matter how much you regret, no matter how many times you said, “If only I did ‘that’ instead of doing ‘this,’” it won't ever make a difference. It will stay the same for the rest of time. But if there's still something that you can change, that you have full control of, it's the future. If you could just stop procrastinating about the past for a moment, and start striving towards the massive future ahead. I mean, there's still a lot more to be done, there's still a lot more to discover, there's still a lot more to achieve. 

You gotta put your past behind you. Bad things happen, and you can't do anything about it. Right? Wrong. When the world turns its back on you, you turn your back on the world. And the moment you turn your back on the world, you'll see me greeting you with a smile. Thinking that nobody loves you is plain foolish. The person you love may not look at you the same way, but there will always be people that love you, though you are totally oblivious to. Your family, your friends, me. 

“Your story may not have such a happy beginning, but that doesn't make you who you are. It is the rest of your story.”

You are the most special person to me in all of GST. It's not Jeric, it's not Rodney, it's you. Korni pakinggan pero totoo yan. Napakakorni talaga pakinggan pero totoo nga yan. I'm always looking forward to seeing your chats everyday at the gc. I wouldn't really call it a day without your presence. Despite of all your struggles, you are the only one that cared, and is actually concerned for everyone. You still managed to make everyone laugh, when you were in fact having a bad time behind all the act.

