
Introduction
The art of candy making has been around for millennia. The first sweets were made at around 2000 B.C.E., when the Ancient Egyptians satisfied their cravings for something sweet by coating nuts and fruits with honey (NPCS, 2013). Candy remained in this form for a thousand more years until what was described as “reeds that produce honey without bees” (which would later be known as sugarcanes) were being cultivated and used by Ancient Indians in their sweets at around 500 B.C.E. (Sato, 2014). And thus, sugar has just been discovered. Candy making was a rather slow and delicate process back then, and sugar has always been central in the production process—up until now, with alternatives such as artificial sweeteners. 

As we all know, excessive sugar consumption is dangerous to the human body. Studies have associated added sugar with cardiovascular disease—the world’s No. 1 cause of death (Quanhe Yang et al., 2014). People who receive 17-21 per cent of their calories from added sugars had a 38 per cent higher chance of dying from cardiovascular disease in comparison to those who only get 8 per cent of their calories from the said additive (Quanhe Yang et al., 2014). Diets containing high amounts of added sugars have also been linked to heart risk factors—namely obesity, diabetes, high blood pressure, and unhealthy cholesterol levels (Vos et al., 2016).

However, synthetic products have already been created as an alternative to sugar. Artificial sweeteners have been a popular choice in candy production ever since the dawn of the industrial age. They are known for their exceptional sweetness despite having significantly less food energy than sugar-based sweeteners, being low to zero in calories. As a result, lesser amounts of sweeteners are needed for a product to be recognizably sweet. The official Food and Drug Administration website (2018) lists artificial sweeteners ranging from 200-20,000 times in sweetness intensity in comparison to table sugar. Diabetic individuals may also benefit from artificial sweeteners since they offer a sweet sensation without actually surging blood sugar levels (Gardner et al., 2012).

In contrast to its benefits, artificial sweeteners may also pose undesired outcomes. Research suggests that artificial sweeteners may not be able to activate the food reward pathway needed to make you feel satisfied after eating (Smeets et al., 2005), leaving people to feel hungrier and craving for sugar, which counterintuitively leads them to overeat and accumulate excessive weight gain (Qing Yang, 2010). This then increases the risk of diabetes among other health issues. A study also reveals that artificial sweeteners disrupt the balance in gut bacteria in healthy participants who were not used to consuming artificial sweeteners (Suez et al., 2014). This becomes a big problem since the composition of our gut bacteria is what informs our gut health, and our gut health basically impacts every system in our body.

The genus Stevia of the Asteraceae family is comprised of 230 species, but only one of them, Stevia rebaudiana, produces a sweet compound in its leaves that sets it apart from other species (Singh et al., 2015). S. rebaudiana leaves are known to have a natural sweet taste when refined while having low to zero calories, similar to that of artificial sweeteners. The active compounds responsible for the sweet sensation in S. rebaudiana leaves are steviol glycosides (mainly, stevioside and rebaudioside) (Abdullateef & Osman, 2012); and an extract of one or more of these glycosides may yield a total amount of up to 300 times sweeter than sucrose in regular table sugar (Abdullateef & Osman, 2012). Appearance-wise, the plant is characterized as a perennial low shrub with brittle stems, extensive roots, and small, elliptical leaves (Ruiz et al., 2017). Although native to Paraguay, The Philippine Star official website (2011) states in an article that it is already being cultivated in nurseries around Antipolo, Quezon, and Cavite here in the Philippines. 

Stevia-based nourishments may be favourable for diabetic and hypertensive individuals. Many studies have proven that S. rebaudiana leaf preparations—as a natural non-calorie sugar substitute—is not only safe for people with obesity, diabetes, and high blood pressure, but can also be used for the treatment of these diseases or prevention of further complications caused by them. (Lanestosa et al., 2017). Further research also demonstrates stevia sweeteners to have no effect on blood glucose or insulin response (Tey et al., 2017). The results of one study prove that steviol inhibited the spread of six types of human cancer cells of the gastrointestinal tract (Chen et al., 2018).

Significance of the Study
Stevia-based sweeteners may appear in various forms, but the form in which it becomes primarily used as a sweetener is in its white, crystalline, and odourless powder form (stevioside), which is approximately 300 times sweeter than sucrose (Gasmalla et al., 2014). This study, however, used stevia in its finely powdered dried leaves form, which is believed to be only 10-15 times sweeter than that of sucrose (Basharat et al., 2020); the need for high-intensity sweeteners, such as stevia’s white powdered extract, is intended for industrial purposes only and such magnitude is unnecessary in home-based experiments.

The purpose of this study is to find a healthier alternative to sugar and not a generic alternative to it (e.g., when sugar is not available). Given that stevia shares common traits with artificial sweeteners, it opens up a door for its potential use in the confectionery industry. This study proves so by developing an all-natural jelly candy that is both sweet and inhibits the causes of initiating heart-related diseases, due to the nature of S. rebaudiana’s compounds. While higher intensities of stevia sweeteners are available on the market, this study only used the dried leaf powder of the plant, as working with the white powdered extract may generate complications in terms of availability. But what more if stevia’s white powdered extract becomes used by large companies on an industrial scale—it certainly opens a whole world of possibilities.