---
tags:
  - Keep/Pinned
---

Surprise! There is no tape this time, but you have to translate this letter to compensate haha.

Oh just how fast time flies doesn't it? A year has passed in the blink of an eye.

I have to admit that my life took a whole new turn since that day, let alone the day you cofessed back. What should've been mundane and ordinary days became more colorful and meaningful, knowing that you'll be around to greet me after a tiring day. All those beautiful moments we shared will always have a special place in my heart.

I first want to apologize if this was an outstañding delay haha. I had a lot of obligations to fulfill at SSG, and there's been a lot of happenings in the house lately where family members gather. So what do we have this time? We have two DVD discs. The first one is a song I made for you titled 運命の言葉. I came up with the melody of this song a long time ago (around May 2022) but it was only until now that I worked hard to really finish it. It eventually became what I imagine to be the soundtrack of my notoriously cowardly confession. The second disc is an exclusive never-before-heard recording of the event: REC20220719121410. Disclaimer though, REC20220719121410 contains a lot of profanity language. That's just how I am back then, disgusting. It is required to only listen to the recording whilst simultaneously reading along the script provided below this letter. Never listen to these two discs where other people could overhear them, especially REC20220719121410.

Whatever it is you're facing now, it is only a challenge similar to challenges you've steadily surpassed over the years. If I am perhaps starting to bother your everyday schedule of tasks in the Marizonian Calendar, starting to become a hindrance to your personal growth, and if you feel like it has become an obligation for you to talk to me everyday, please, do me a favor and cut me out. I don't want to be a reason why you're not making good progress on yourself. If so is the case, I need you to be honest and tell me directly. Don't worry about me. Free yourself and take your time to heal. You will be fine. But you can always come running back to me if you're lost, ready to give you a helping hand whenever I can. Just know that whenever the world turns its back on you, you turn your back on the world, you'll see me greeting you. Wishing you the best in your future endeavours.

“Kung puso ko ay imamapa, ikaw ang dulo, gitna't simula.”

Let us continue this mundane story about us, whenever we can. I want your smile to stay the same.






If I had to confess to you again just to remind you that my feelings are true, then this letter is here to say マリーズさん、君がとても好きです。

My life took a whole turn since you told me that you liked me back

Just how lucky I am to be with you

Whatever it is you're facing now, it is only a challenge similar to challenges you've steadily surpassed over the years. (ins. I'll always be here)

If I am perhaps starting to bother your everyday schedule of tasks in the Marizonian Calendar, starting to become a hindrance to your personal growth, and if you feel like it has become an obligation for you to talk to me everyday, please, do me a favor and cut me out. I don't want to be a reason why you're not making good progress on yourself. If so is the case, I need you to be honest and tell me directly. Don't worry about me. But you can always come running back to me if you're lost. Just know that whenever the world turns its back on you, you turn your back on the world, you'll see me greeting you. Wishing you the best in your future endeavours.

Let us continue this mundane story about us whenever we can. I want your smile to stay the same.

Sum song lyrics
(Kung puso ko ay imamapa, ikaw ang dulo, gitna't simula.)

Not a single day has passed without you crossing my mind.

Words of Fate
運命の言葉

Faith of Fate

When Words Reigned Over Secrets

Surprise! There is no tape this time, but you have to translate this letter to compensate haha.

I first want to apologize if this was an outstañding delay haha. I had a lot of obligations to fulfill at SSG, and there's been a lot of happenings in the house lately where family members gather. So what do we have this time? We have two DVD discs. The first one is a song I made for you titled 運命の言葉. I came up with the melody of this song a long time ago (around May 2022) but it was only until now that I worked hard to really finish it. It eventually became what I imagine to be the soundtrack of my notoriously cowardly confession. The second disc is an exclusive never-before-heard recording of the event: REC20220719121410. Disclaimer though, REC20220719121410 contains a lot of profanity language. That's just how I am back then, disgusting. It is required to only listen to the recording whilst simultaneously reading along the script provided below this letter. Never listen to these two discs where other people could overhear them, especially REC20220719121410.

Oh just how fast time flies doesn't it? A year has passed in the blink of an eye.

I can't hide the fact that my life took a whole new turn since that day, let alone the day you confessed back. What should've been mundane and ordinary days became more colorful and meaningful, knowing that you'll be around to greet me after a tiring day. All those beautiful moments we shared will always have a special place in my heart. It's those moments that I just want to replay over and over again. It's those moments that I just can't get out of my mind. I honestly never imagined us becoming like this after my confession. I just imagined that everything will stay the same. I gave you a gift, you'll thank me, and we'll both move on. But no, that's not what happened.  What happened was we discovered each other, understood each other deeper, tried things I never imagined we would. We found each other, we found love.

Whatever it is you're facing now, it is only a challenge similar to challenges you've steadily surpassed over the years. If I am perhaps starting to bother your everyday schedule of tasks in the Marizonian Calendar, starting to become a hindrance to your personal growth, and if you feel like it has become an obligation for you to talk to me everyday, please, do me a favor and cut me out. I don't want to be a reason why you're not making good progress on yourself. If so is the case, I need you to be honest and tell me directly. Don't worry about me. Free yourself and take your time to heal. You will be fine. But you can always come running back to me if you're lost, ready to give you a helping hand whenever I can. Just know that whenever the world turns its back on you, you turn your back on the world—you'll see me greeting you. I'll always be your silent cheerleader.

“One moment can change a day. One day can change a life. One life can change the world.”

A brief moment changed that day. That day changed my life. You became my world.

Let us continue this mundane story about us, if we can. I want your smile to stay the same.


