
    “Paint a future that you’ll be happy to have, stroke by stroke.”
As unsure as tomorrow, this sixteen years old young lady took the General Academic Strand in the private school General de Jesus College as an 11th grader. Eccentrically, she even used a roulette filled with a list of different schools and strands due to her dreadful dubiousness. One thing for sure is that she only wants what's best, and could make her awfully satisfied.


With hair as dark and illuminating as the starry night, skin as tawny as desert sand, a face as intimidating as her height, and an eyeglass prescription as high as the Burj Khalifa skyscraper, she lives a pretty ordinary life.  Precisely, she weighs 60 kilograms and measures 5.7 feet in height. Her physique has always made people around her feel in awe due to living in an Asian country with a standard teeny-weeny height, but this didn’t stop her from showing them a genuine perception of the young lady.


Rather than saying she is gifted with intellect or talent, she is more like a discreet hard worker that does the task behind the back.  Some might think that she is composed and calm all the time, but she is more like an over-analyzer that reflects on every single thing silently. And behind those stony and frigid looks, she is more like a stoic person with different layers that, as you get past each, things unfold.



At an early age, she picked up art as a skill. Her fondness for the said hobby has never changed until the present time. When a pandemic struck, she was even able to earn money by being an animator and an illustrator for foreign clients. In which, her parents wholeheartedly supported her in doing  so.


With that being said, her journey would have been like a puzzle missing a piece if music hadn’t come. For her, melodies made time slow down when she felt sunny and speed up when she felt cloudy. She tried and tried, but until today, she hadn’t been able to find a harmonious buddy. Whether it was the violin, guitar, piano, japanese harp or even her voice, nothing seemed to have made a spark in her.  


“Dogs, cats, rabbits, birds, fish, turtles, and even snakes.” You name it, she took care of every single one. She finds herself at peace when with the company of animals, though she deem none as her favored. Her personality shifts 360 degrees when she interacts with her pets, which is kind of unimaginable.


Though it is questionable who this person is, one thing for sure is that she has been through the ups and downs of life, the calm and rage of obstacles, and the brightness and darkness of the paths she took. She’s Mariz, a girl created by divinity with a purpose in life that hasn’t been found. A young lady that no mere words could define.







Name: Mariz Aliana M. Dayao
Grade & Section: 11-GAS Webber