
REPUBLIC ACT No. 9775

AN ACT DEFINING THE CRIME OF CHILD PORNOGRAPHY, PRESCRIBING PENALTIES THEREFOR AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the Philippines in Congress assembled:

Section 1. Short Title. - This Act shall be known as the "Anti-Child Pornography Act of 2009."

Section 2. Declaration of Policy. - The State recognizes the vital role of the youth in nation building and shall promote and protect their physical, moral, spiritual, intellectual, emotional, psychological and social well-being. Towards this end, the State shall:

(a) Guarantee the fundamental rights of every child from all forms of neglect, cruelty and other conditions prejudicial to his/her development;

(b) Protect every child from all forms of exploitation and abuse including, but not limited to:

(1) the use of a child in pornographic performances and materials; and

(2) the inducement or coercion of a child to engage or be involved in pornography through whatever means; and

(c) Comply with international treaties to which the Philippines is a signatory or a State party concerning the rights of children which include, but not limited to, the Convention on the Rights of the Child, the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child of the Child on the Sale of Children, Child Prostitution and Child Pornography, the International Labor Organization (ILO) Convention No.182 on the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labor and the Convention Against Transnational Organized Crime.

Section 3. Definition of Terms. -

(a) "Child" refers to a person below eighteen (18) years of age or over, but is unable to fully take care of himself/herself from abuse, neglect, cruelty, exploitation or discrimination because of a physical or mental disability or condition.

For the purpose of this Act, a child shall also refer to:

(1) a person regardless of age who is presented, depicted or portrayed as a child as defined herein; and

(2) computer-generated, digitally or manually crafted images or graphics of a person who is represented or who is made to appear to be a child as defined herein.

(b) "Child pornography" refers to any representation, whether visual, audio, or written combination thereof, by electronic, mechanical, digital, optical, magnetic or any other means, of child engaged or involved in real or simulated explicit sexual activities.

(c) "Explicit Sexual Activity" includes actual or simulated -

(1) As to form:

(i) sexual intercourse or lascivious act including, but not limited to, contact involving genital to genital, oral to genital, anal to genital, or oral to anal, whether between persons of the same or opposite sex;

(2) bestiality;

(3) masturbation;

(4) sadistic or masochistic abuse;

(5) lascivious exhibition of the genitals, buttocks, breasts, pubic area and/or anus; or

(6) use of any object or instrument for lascivious acts

(d) "Internet address" refers to a website, bulletin board service, internet chat room or news group, or any other internet or shared network protocol address.

(e) "Internet cafe or kiosk" refers to an establishment that offers or proposes to offer services to the public for the use of its computer/s or computer system for the purpose of accessing the internet, computer games or related services.

(f) "Internet content host" refers to a person who hosts or who proposes to host internet content in the Philippines.

(g) "Internet service provider (ISP)" refers to a person or entity that supplies or proposes to supply, an internet carriage service to the public.

(h) "Grooming" refers to the act of preparing a child or someone who the offender believes to be a child for sexual activity or sexual relationship by communicating any form of child pornography. It includes online enticement or enticement through any other means.

(i) "Luring" refers to the act of communicating, by means of a computer system, with a child or someone who the offender believes to be a child for the purpose of facilitating the commission of sexual activity or production of any form of child pornography.(2) Bestiality;

(j) "Pandering" refers to the act of offering, advertising, promoting, representing or distributing through any means any material or purported material that is intended to cause another to believe that the material or purported material contains any form of child pornography, regardless of the actual content of the material or purported material.

(k) "Person" refers to any natural or juridical entity.

Section 4. Unlawful or Prohibited Acts. - It shall be unlawful for any person:

(a) To hire, employ, use, persuade, induce or coerce a child to perform in the creation or production of any form of child pornography;

(b) To produce, direct, manufacture or create any form of child pornography;

(c) To publish offer, transmit, sell, distribute, broadcast, advertise, promote, export or import any form of child pornography;

(d) To possess any form of child