
It is as if one has morphed his soul into a fiery spirit and sold it to the devil, only to form a companionship with someone as absurd as myself. Influenced by the darkest ideologies and the most senseless humour, it has always been a dilemma whether someone would stay with me or not. You, however, stayed.

It sure has been seven wonderful, memory-filled years; turning eight this June. How can such a long period of time feel so short? The inevitable movement of time feels swifter in the good times, and sluggish in the bad. But in the end, we are obliged to accept the inevitable.

It was 2014; our paths have converged for the first time in history. It was a video game called “Minecraft” that established a bond so strong, that it remained solid and whole even after eight years. We had some great times with Minecraft, endless moments of true happiness with our closest friends. It made me realize that joy manifests its truest form the simpler it gets.

It was 2017—.5th Grade—when I first wrote you an appreciation letter like this; now I'm reminiscing about how great everything was back then. But it won't be as great as what we have right now in our high school days. This is the pinnacle of our lives; supposedly, our happiest days. But judging by where we are right now, I can conclude that we did reach that state of happiness, despite lagging two years behind. 

Dela from one Tamako Market episode quoted, “Though your wishes may go unfulfilled and your best-laid plans go awry, on a different path, a different flower will bloom anew.” Every choice we make will always present a positive impact, regardless of whether the majority of it is negative. Once a decision is made, one will gradually grasp the significance of their decision and conclude that their choice was far more rewarding than its counterpart—if such was the choice. Such a dilemma was evidently proven when I chose to continue my studies at Cabiao National High School, and not at General de Jesus College. Back in 6th Grade, I have always thought that studying at General will reward me with better memories since Brandon was there and I recognize it as a “prestigious school.” But as we all know, people tend to develop a different perspective on things through time. Going back to the present, my decision to continue my CNHS journey was most fulfilling; I had no regrets with the people I got to know, especially you.

“One often meets his destiny on the road he takes to avoid it.”

We had our most triumphant moments, and we had our toughest battles. From Meme Time and “sabog moments,” to Research and emotional misunderstandings. We were tried and tested physically, mentally, and emotionally. In spite of all the struggles, we managed to cut it through like a hot knife in butter. I can never thank you enough for all the joy that you have brought upon me. It ,sounds kinda gay, but it is true nonetheless. It is very uncommon to meet a person like you in this world of uncultured people, and meeting you was an extraordinary blessing. By blessing, I meant that I am thanking the mathematical theory of probability for making us meet statistically. Taking the chances of having similar fertility rate (from parents), age, school choice, interests, and meeting into account, you'll find that our friendship is the rarest of the rare.

Thank you for laughing with me. Thank you for all the good times. Thank you for assisting me with school works. Thank you for welcoming me into your home. Thank you for trusting me. Thank you for caring for me. Thank you for helping me get back up when I'm down. Thank you for your patience. Thank you for making me feel special. Thank you for staying with me.

You may be addressed with different names: Mr Atom, Tovarishch Kompot, Denz, Dhenszego, Dhenszy; but only one thing will always remain the same—you are my dearest friend. I wish you the happiest of all the happiest birthdays, Dhenszy. May you prosper in life and reach the goals that you have long dreamed of, even without me.

“Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.”

We are slowly inching closer to the inevitability of reality; we will soon part ways and head on to our different paths in life. But hey, I met one. I sure did meet a wonderful angel.