
As an enthusiast of music since my early elementary days, it has always been crucial for me to be conscious of the foundations upon which musical pieces are laid.
	Rhythm is what gives a piece a sense of power and movement. It lifts the piece and makes it sound systematic and ordered; as if it’s following a pattern and makes you expect that it will continue to follow that pattern. Rhythm emboldens music and teaches it to flow. The melody is what defines a piece and gives it its true identity. It is the heart and soul of music and comes in many different shapes, sizes, and emotions. The melody is the focal point, the light which the listener seeks amidst the dark realm of noise. Harmony, on the other hand, is melody's best friend. It is the color that makes melody's light visible. It is the spice that amplifies the flavor of the dish that is music. 
	But what many might not know is that there is more to music than just simple rhythm, melody, or harmony. Silence is what gives a piece room to breathe. It creates immense tension and prepares the listener for the next movement, for what is yet to come, which may make or break their expectations. Finally, the most important element of music is emotion. Music's goal is to act as a medium of expression wherein the emotions, thoughts, and actions of the composer—within the span of writing the piece—are passed onto the listener. The listener's role is to feel and embrace the emotions of the composer and to understand the narratives he tries to speak of through music. 
	These are the building blocks in which music is based upon. The variations in these elements are what makes every piece of music unique, interesting, and meaningful.

マイヤ