
Before we get to know what grade I want to have for this subject, let us first talk about my experience with Research.

This was my first time with Research. The moment has arrived. I was given two years to prepare for this, and boy was I not ready. It had a great start though. Just the basic fundamentals and elements that make up a research, life was good back then. Then everything started to go downhill when we actually get to apply it to the main thing. This is where my admiration for Science started to grow deeper.

When we were asked to find some already existing research articles and make a recommendation out of them from sites on the internet, I noticed that the journals were getting a significantly low number of views. These journals aren't just some normal "okay this should be good enough" article, what I saw was straight up dedication. Your finger will literally tire out just by scrolling through the end of the page. Then I was like, "Why do people even do this though they never receive the views they deserve?" 

Later that day, I made the conclusion that this was all because of passion. The Sacorro Ramos from the back page of my calendar always said, "If you have the love and passion for what you do, hard work is no longer a sacrifice, it will become a joy." It doesn't matter if you don't get views from your work, you know for yourself that you gave it all your best and this is what you love to do. It's the people's decision whether to read or not your work, as long as you enjoy what you do, there is no such thing as "wasted time". Of course, not all people will agree with this and want their works to shine. But they shouldn't forget that this is the path that they chose and patience is central to this career. You know what they say, "Only artists appreciate other artists." The same principle applies here, only researchers can understand other researchers, and there aren't as many researchers as ordinary people. 

So if you ask me, these grades don't define anything. Numbers printed on paper mean nothing at all, well at least to me. These numbers are inaccurate. There are foolish students that get high remarks, and there are wise students that receive low ones. You can never really measure one's knowledge through these numbers. Wisdom is eternal, deep, and immeasurable. The harsh reality in schools is that the strong is forged to become even stronger, while the weak is left to fend for themselves to strengthen alone. 

You know what they say, "It's not about the destination, it's about the journey." And I must say that I somehow, at least somehow enjoyed learning new things such as these. And for me, that's what's important. These numbers are just a side byproduct of education and information. The true prize is learning and wisdom. 

