
The human mind sure is a bundle of mysteries. Up to date, nobody is yet to know how it fully works and how it operates within one's head. Especially when you start to dig deep within the emotions of a human being.

Revenge is the action of inflicting hurt or harm on someone motivated by getting satisfaction for the wrongdoings they had done to you. It is a really common trait in people and I do think that it is an unpleasant and toxic mindset. Patience is a person's capacity to wait, or to continue doing something despite difficulties and without getting mad or becoming annoyed. Anger, on the other hand, is a strong feeling of annoyance or rage because of something wrong or bad. It's the feeling that makes someone want to shout or hurt other people. 

Rony V. Diaz's "The Centipede" conveys the connection between vengeance, patience, and anger, and how they can influence the relationship between people. 

The story starts off with a lot of pressure hanging on top of the main character — Eddie — where his sister — Delia — begins beating Eddie's dog with a stick. He watches his dog suffer in pain from afar, but refuses to perform a single move. He does this in order to avoid provoking Delia's heart issue from worsening. The story then introduces some flashbacks depicting Eddie's youth and the strong bond he has with his dad as they go hunting birds together. It reveals Eddie's closeness to nature and his fascination for animals. A stray dog then comes racing towards the two, which eventually becomes Eddie's close friend and names it Biryuk. It is unclear however where or who the owner of the dog is. It's the same dog that Delia was harassing at the beginning of the story.

Staying calm and controlling his anger for his sister's sake hasn't been easy for Eddie. Often times he would just want to burst and let it all out on her, but still manages to control his temper and that part of him is really admirable. 

Eddie's patience is extensive, but in the end, he had had enough. One time, out of nowhere, Delia threw away his precious butterfly collection and burned them in their backyard. The collection wasn't even bothering her that much since Eddie keeps it in an unused cabinet, well of course, unless she opens it. When interrogated by their father, she claims that the butterflies were "attracting ants". She could've just asked Eddie to move his collection to a different place instead of doing such a terrible move. The situation became worse when Eddie found out that his dog was heavily injured. One of its eyes was pierced and bleeding, caused by his sister's beating. Because of Biryuk's horrible injury, it ran away and ended all of its relations with Eddie. On the way home, Eddie passed by Berto in the shade of a tree. Berto then called Eddie to introduce him to a large centipede that he found in one of the logs he was chopping. Eddie capitalized on this and used the centipede as an opportunity to seek revenge back on Delia. He did so by throwing the dead insect at her, without hesitation. But because she had a weak heart, she didn't take the surprise easily as she was heavily shocked by the sudden attack. Eddie felt guilty for what he had done.

Looking at the actions of Eddie's sister, we COULD say that she was taking advantage of her situation, but we should also take a look at her side of the story. Though it wasn't officially stated in the writing, I personally believe that Delia's grief was motivated by the fact that their mother died at the same moment her younger brother was born. She couldn't fully accept the death of their mother, and I think she blames it on Eddie. The presence and existence of her younger brother only reminds her of the misery she had endured on her mother's demise. One might say that Eddie is a memento mori to Delia, a constant reminder of the inevitability of death.

The ending was kinda teasing since I really wanted to know how the author resolves everything all together. But instead, he gave us an insufficient ending and is lacking total resolution, which really makes me wonder what happened after Eddie's prank. 

Overall, the story creatively highlights the correlation between vengeance, patience, and anger. It made me realize that all human emotions have their own limitations. Once it floods beyond that border, the damage cannot be undone no matter how much you wish it could be, which happened to both Eddie and Delia.