
• When words fail, music speaks.
• during quarantine
• discovered mixing
• learned music theory in 8th grade
• piano in 4th grade
• interest in classical music in 4th grade (unlike other niggas my age)
• now likes orchestral and soundtrack music from shows and video games.
• would also love to learn how to compose full orchestra
• even music without lyrics could paint a thousand words
• Could you even imagine a society without music? It's what connects cultures, places, people, and feelings.
• Music was there when you were at the lowest point in your life, it was there when you had nobody else to lean onto. It was also there, in your happiest days; your most precious moments. Music touches the heart, the soul, unlike any other thing can.

I love music. My first interaction with music was at the age of seven as I became part of my school's drum and lyre band. A year after that, I got my first piano. My music taste at that time was unlike any other children my age; I kept listening to classical music by famous composers like Mozart and Beethoven, so the popular and prevalent music at that time, which the majority knew and enjoyed, was a complete oblivion to me—I had no interest in contemporary music.

It was only until 8th grade when I had a more serious grip in music as I got to learn music theory—the magic of composing it. Since then, I made countless melodies and phrases, but never really got to finish most of them into a full proper piece; I did, however, manage to complete a few ones. I was inspired by the works of Akito Matsuda, Joe Hisaishi, and Yu-Peng Chen, all of which specialize in film soundtrack and orchestral music. And since I drew inspiration from them, they influenced my composition style too. I have finished a piece called “Remnant of Time” which describes that the present is the past and that everything will—all to soon—become only a remnant of time, so enjoy the moment while it lasts. It was generally orchestral but it's not full orchestral. I'd wish to take a deeper dive into full orchestral soon—learning how every instruments sound and how they  would mingle with other instruments.

I love music because when words fail, music speaks. When thoughts become vexing, music was there to help me let it all out, to express it to the world with full grace. Even music without lyrics could paint a thousand words. Music was there when I was at the lowest point in your life, it was there when I had nobody else to lean onto. It was also there, in my happiest days; my most precious moments. Music touches the heart, the soul, unlike any other thing can. Could you even imagine a society without music? It's what connects cultures, places, people, and feelings. Although music wasn't able to bring world peace, eliminate world hunger, or solve climate change, it can heal a broken heart and guide a wandering soul, and that's just as big of a difference.