
This Tuesday, April 30, 2024, the live face-to-face discussion about “Module 4: Objectives and Structures of Various Types of reports” by Mikaella's group in the EAPP subject under Mr. Quiday was postponed due to the Mayor's implementation of modular learning amidst the ongoing heatwaves in the country. The report had to then be posted on Facebook.

Mikaella's group generally defined reports as a major form of technical, business, or professional communication. They are typically pieces of factual writing about a certain issue, arranged and supported by factual evidences that contain organized information and analysis of the topic.

The Two Types of Reports

• Formal Report
A formal report is a document used to officially communicate information. It follows structure and a standardized format and makes use of statistics, analysis, and data organization to better provide critical information about the issue to the listeners.
 
The Two Types of Informal Reports

~ Analytical Reports — they provide a thorough and in-depth analysis of the issue. They go behind the scenes to find out the stories behind them. Instead of solely telling you what happened, they tell you why and how it happened. 
~ Recommendation Reports — they offer advice on what actions are to be taken based on what had been observed. They offer to solve problems by changing how things are used to be done.

Reports are formal in nature, but there also exist informal reports.

• Informal Report
Informal reports are announcements characterized by their brevity and less formality. They are typically concise documents such as memos, letters, financial summaries, activity updates, and research findings.

The Seven Types of Informal Reports

1. Progress Reports — tracks the status and development of ongoing projects.
2. Sales Activity Report — provides insight to the performance of sales in an organization.
3. Personnel Evaluation — assesses the performance of employees.
4. Financial Report — summarizes the financial performance of an organization within a period.
5. Feasibility Report — evaluates the feasibility or practicality of proposed projects.
6. Literature Review — evaluates existing studies and research pertaining a particular issue.
7. Credit Report — provides information about an individual's credit history and status.

The Parts and Structure of Reports
• Title — this concisely and clearly describes what the report was about, where it occured and who were involved.
• Abstract — the complete synopsis of a report which summarizes its entire content.
• Introduction — provides important background information about the report.
• Literature Survey — provides relevant prevalent studies about the report; serves as the foundation of its credibility.
• Methods — deliberately outlines the procedures and techniques used to conduct the research in a report.
• Results — exposes the findings of the study in detail.
• Discussion — interprets the findings based on the results through analysis and description.
• Conclusion — provides a final decision or judgement based on the results; creates smooth close to the report.
• References — lists and gives credit to all the literature cited in the report.
• Appendices — contains inessential but supplementary material to the report; not necessarily important, but may be helpful.

The post ended by stating the other members of Mikaella's group.