
On the morning of Tuesday, April 16, 2024, the lessons on Arguments and Manifestoes in the EAPP subject under Mr. Quiday first began with unlocking difficulties:

• An argument is a set of ideas put together to prove a point.
• A manifesto is a written statement declaring publicly the intentions, motives, or views of its issuer.
• A position paper is an academic work that contains statements about a one-sided arguable opinion on a certain subject or issue.

Syllogism was defined as an instance of a form of reasoning in which a conclusion is drawn—whether validly or not—from two given or assumed premises. Examples and analogies for syllogism were discussed.

Mr. Quiday asked the class the difference between a refutation and a rebuttal, to which nobody replied. He clarified that a refutation confidently and directly contradicts and invalidates an opposing party's argument, while a rebuttal is a counterargument that deliberately introduces a new perspective to the premise that does not necessarily devoid the opposing party's argument.

The two major types of arguments were introduced:
1. Deductive Arguments — proceeds from general ideas to specific inferences.
2. Inductive Arguments — derives from specific observations lead to a general conclusion.

The steps in writing arguments were reintroduced from past lessons:
1. Identify the topic.
2. Find your purpose in writing.
3. Create your claim/thesis.
4. Conduct research among possible counterarguments.
5. State your conclusion.

With this, the discussions for the day were concluded, with a few key points yet to be discussed.

The following day, the discussions on the same lesson resumed.

Mr. Quiday asked the difference between a sound and a valid conclusion, to which I responded that a sound conclusion is a conclusion that was hastily made without any deliberate thought, while a valid conclusion is a conclusion that has been sufficiently backed up by evidence from the body of a text.

This question then proceeded to the discussions of common logical fallacies. A few examples of such were:
1. Ad hominem — a personal attack that is directed against a person rather than the position they are maintaining.
2. Ad misericordiam (appeal to pity) — when a person tries to win support for an argument by exploiting oneself or the opponent's feeling of pity or guilt.
3. Petitio principii (begging the question) —attempting to prove that something is true while simultaneously taking that same thing for granted; circular argument.

This then proceeded to the discussion of common propaganda techniques. A few examples of such were:
1. Band Wagon — used to attract more people into liking or supporting somethimg simply because everyone is into it.
2. Plain Folks — used mostly by politicians to win the folk's confidence by appearing to be normal people with normal lives.
3. Transfer — used when a symbol that carries respect, authority, sanction, and prestige is used along with an idea or argument to make it look more acceptable.

With this, a short post-lesson recitation exam was conducted,  finally bringing the lesson to a close.

