---
tags:
  - Keep/Pinned
---

• variety sheesh
• letting Jomai go
• prioritized others over self
• na-guidance

I think one of the funniest mistakes that I had was when I was sent to the guidance office for carrying an alcohol dispenser on my way out of school. I was deprived of sleep that day, so I slept in our afternoon class. Now drowsy, I woke up at the end of class and was on my way home when I picked up the alcohol dispenser beside the door next to our room. I consciously know that I was carrying the dispenser, but out of my drowsiness, I am unconsciously unknowing of why I'm still not letting it go. On my way out, a teacher shouted at me the moment I finally gained full consciousness and was about to bring back the dispenser to where it came, asking me where I'm taking it to. He dragged me to the guidance office where I had a wonderful chat with Mr. Britos. He asked me if I was taking drugs based on the soreness of my eyes after I woke up. I said no, of course. Consequently, the news spread like wildfire and everyone was laughing at how ridiculous my case was. But it was only a small matter that had been easily resolved the next day and a guidance record was unnecessary.

I was the president of our class, STEM XI — Euler, last year in 11th Grade. It was my first time being a class president. Being a good leader is embracing the act of selflessness and prioritizing others at the expense of oneself, which I took to an overwhelming degree back then. As part of our final performance in Personal Development, we were tasked to present a variety show by the end of June. There were many instances of me falling behind tasks in other subjects since I was heavily occupied in perfecting our performance. I remember having to skip classes with our propmakers a day before the big day, as time had been a serious concern over our production. During the entirety of the preparation, I'd say that I contributed 75% to the overall production of the show. In the end, people who never contributed in putting the show together got higher remarks in the subject than I did, highlighting a big flaw in our grading system that heavily depends on numbers. I learned to prioritize myself over others, especially if I barely get back a fraction of what I gave.
