
Brief Background
I am Clark Aldrei P. Mercado, a 1st-year student of Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering at Nueva Ecija University of Science and Technology in Cabanatuan City, Nueva Ecija. I graduated elementary at Cabiao Central School, junior high school at Cabiao National High School as a Salutatorian, and senior high school at Cabiao Senior High School with High Honors. I was a TV broadcaster at CSHS as a news anchor, news writer, and news video editor and got to as the Regionals Schools Press Conference 2023. I also served as the Protocol Officer of the CSHS Supreme Secondary Learner Government. I am a musician, composer, filmmaker, singer, and video/graphics editor.

Philosophy of the Self
“Carpe diem,” a Greek passage from Horace’s work Odes (23 BC) meaning “seize the day.” 
Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it. Learn to take things slowly; appreciate every second and seize every moment. We won’t remain young forever, so let’s do the things that we could only do now and not have any regrets; let’s enjoy where we are today and make it beautiful.


Significant Experiences Leading to a Philosophy
I was in 9th grade in 2021 when I watched the anime K-On! (2010). It was a simple slice-of-life show that featured the lives and friendship of five high school girls and their journey as part of their school’s Light Music Club. It wasn’t your typical show that runs with a “kill all evil to save the world” kind of plot, it was literally just about the normal everyday comedic struggles and laughs of these five friends. Although this kind of plot seemed mundane, it taught me how to appreciate the small things, the small feelings, the small moments. The show ended with the inevitable parting of these girls on their graduation day, which made me reflect on myself, my friends, and where I was in life at that time. It made me realize that nothing in the world is ever permanent, and that change is the only thing that never changes. All will soon end—often in the most unexpected ways—so always seize the day and make the most out of what you have left.
