
This Wednesday morning, April 24, 2024, the lesson about “Stand on Issues Supported by Factual Evidences” in the EAPP subject under Mr. Quiday began with Honey Grace's group and their prepared report on the matter.

Her group began with discussing the difference between supported and unsupported claims.

From here, we can say that issues are topics that are arguable, debatable, manageable, and researchable. This means that every argument in a position paper is basically its own thesis statement and each one has to be backed up by sufficient evidence.

This lead to the discussion of the types of evidences that can support an argument:
1. Quotations — this could be put in quote in the exact words of the author (first person) or presented in indirect text (third person), taking only an excerpt to be quoted from the original text.
2. Examples — citing examples of why the argument should be considered and how the issue affects the reader albeit in a small or indirect way.
3. Statistics — the strongest form of evidence as it is based on concrete undisputable numbers from sophisticated research articles/surveys.

This then proceeded to the discussion of common propaganda techniques. A few examples of such were:
1. Band Wagon — used to attract more people into liking or supporting somethimg simply because everyone is into it.
2. Plain Folks — used mostly by politicians to win the folk's confidence by appearing to be normal people with normal lives.
3. Transfer — used when a symbol that carries respect, authority, sanction, and prestige is used along with an idea or argument to make it look more acceptable.

With this, Honey Grace's group ended their report. Mr. Quiday then asked the reporters—and later the class—what was the difference between fallacy (from the past lesson) and propaganda was. I responded that a fallacy is forcefully trying to prove something that is false to be true, and that a propaganda broadcasts or disseminates these fallacies to the masses with the aim of persuading them into commiting a certain act.

With this, the lesson was finally brought to a close.

