
Beauty is subjective, not only from person to person, but also from culture to culture. It is said that beauty is a not one's own, but a reflection of one's culture.

There should not be one singular standard definition of beauty because again, beauty is subjective. Even if there was otherwise a unified definition, not everybody will agree.

Musically inclined
Scientific
Cpommunicator
Perfectionist
Genuine
Sophisticated

Knowing the erogenous zones of our body helps us identify which parts of it are most sensitive to touch and how we can protect it from sexual harrassment.

Teenagers should never engage in premarital sex since their minds and bodies are not matured enough to handle the responsibilities of the consequences it may bring. Furthermore, at such a young age, as discussed in this chapter, there are many ways to tame this sexual desire such as repression, supression, and more.

I am always grateful for what I have and for every day that I live is a blessing. However, I believe that my life can be slightly better and more fulfilling given the material things I have desired for so long. Thus is the reason why I am studying to satisfy those desires in the future one by one.

It takes zero money to make me happy. I can make myself happy anytime: I can watch funny internet videos, listen to my favourite music, go to my favorite places, initiate a hangout with my friends—there are to have fun! Happiness is free if you know where to find it.

I have a humble friend in CLSU who grew up from a wealthy family. We've been friends since we were in 3rd Grade, and just like any other student with a burning aspiration to make his dreams come true, his priority is studying for his ever-supportive family.

As a student, possessions in life are not yet worth my bragging rights. I am ought to study at this time, and how well I perform in school is what I should be proud of.

The last time I satisfied this craving was when I bought  online a telephoto camera lens that attaches to my phone and enhances images. I really love photography and I always document my day with pictures of the beautiful moments I capture; how well I capture these moments really matters to me.

At the end of the day, the goal of life will always be to be happy. While yes, money can indeed buy happiness, but only to a certain extent. It is in fact the people around us that matters, it is the love that we give to them and receive from them in different ways. A happy man is a wealthy man.

Personal
Prayer
A simple prayer is a devotion. The act of praying every night and reaching out to God for the gratitude of life shows loyalty to Him. 

Family
Holy Week
Our family participates in the Christian belief of abstaining from meat during Good Friday at the Holy Week. Meat is believed to be a celebratory food and Jesus dying on the cross during Good Friday should not be celebrated.

Kapistahan ng Apung Lourdes
A feast is celebrated every February in Cabiao honoring the sacred image of Apung Lourdes and the holy well beneath her parish. It is believed that completing the nine-day novena will make your wishes come true.

The reality of the Filipino political system is a mess. There always exists a political dynasty system in every political division throughout the country. Often, only a single family line rules an area that may last for decades. This makes children believe, including how I used to believe, that these families alone are the only ones deserving to govern these lands, given how the children grew up knowing that these leaders have ruled them their whole lives. These are the roots of political loyalty. This is how the Umalis of Nueva Ecija shaped my political perspective in childhood, but I am now opening my views to other deserving candidates with the same objective of service.

On the positive side, social media gives us immediate and worldwide communication and allows us to create and participate in strong communities. On the negative side, social media leads us to the uncontrollable overconsumption of irrelevant online content and also leads some people susceptible to what we call cyberbullying. This tells us that social media benefits us if we know how to control and use it well.

People present themselves in social media, including me, to promote themselves and leave a good and lasting impression towards people. A good impression can make people respect and look highly of you.

I, of course, do not show everything to everyone. The only things that I do care about sharing are the orchestral covers I arrange for songs or when a creative thought of literature and poetry comes to my mind. I post my travels online usually a day after, not while I'm there. Sometimes, I'd share my opinion over certain controversial topics. I never share private personal information such as my full name, complete address, age, and the names of my family members.

