---
File: "[[tags/Minutes (Player-Staff)]]"
Committee:
date: 2025-09-25
---

> [!info] 
> | Meeting Type      | Player-Staff |
> | ----------------- | ------ |
> | **Presider**      |  [[SoulBaron]]      |
> | **Date**          |      [[2025-09-25 (Thu)]]  |
> | **Time Start**    |   12:00 am     |
> | **Time End**      |  12:45 am      |

> [!summary] 
>> [!quote] AniNews 
>> Anino Founder announces new DONATOR rank; reveals updates for future events | via AniNews

---
# Attendance
> [!missing] 
> *No official records*
- Attended by player and staff
# Minutes of the Meeting
## Recent Changes
- Increased ClearLagg interval.
- `/echest` command returned to `BOOSTER` rank.
- TPS is now stable, which has been compromising the server for days.
## Announcements
- Official announcement for the first Building Contest will be on [[2025-09-28 (Sun)|September 28]].
- Discord Booster role cap has been reached (28/28).
- Booster rank is temporary (only until boosts expire).
- Future events with gear giveaway as reward: mouse, headset, premium Minecraft accounts, etc.
- Coliseum is being built; an PvP event is planned once it is done.
	- You fight with your gear and get to loot your defeated enemies.
- No changes for `COMMONER` rank.
## `DONATOR` Rank
### Description
- The only available paid rank until Discord Booster role slots are freed.
- Permanent, unlike `BOOSTER` ranks which only lasts until boosts are active.
- Money goes to server welfare.
- Holders will be included in staff meetings.
- Could possibly be priced at $9.99 (₱576)
### Benefits
- Accessible Commands:
	- `/nick`
	- `/echest`
	- `/sethome`
- Teleport Cooldown
	- 3–5 minutes
### Subranks
- `DONATOR+`
- `DONATOR++`
> [!note] Note on `DONATOR` Ranks
> - Will be available once the staff finalizes all its the benefits.
> - Other exclusive permissions will be deliberated soon.
## Suggestions
### Approved
- Custom player heads
- Custom images on item frames
### Denied
- Backpack plugin
- Cosmetics (pets, clothes)
- `/back` command
- Jobs plugin
- Marriage [plugin?]
- Jenny Mod
# Plan of Action
- Continued deliberation of exclusive features for `DONATOR` ranks.
- Possibility of adding `/feed` to higher ranks.
- Return the spawn rate back to normal.
- Implement approved suggestions.