---
File: "[[tags/Minutes (Urgent)|Minutes (Urgent)]]"
Date: "[[2025-09-14 (Sun)]]"
---

> [!info] 
> | Meeting Type      | Urgent                     |
> | ----------------- | -------------------------- |
> | **Committee**     | None                       |
> | **Parent Agenda** | None                       |
> | **Presider**      | [[SoulBaron]], [[Samichi]] |
> | **Date**          | [[2025-09-14 (Sun)]]       |
> | **Time Start**    | 01:45 am                   |
> | **Time End**      | 03:45 am                   |
# Attendance 
1. [[SoulBaron|Jae]]
2. [[Samichi]]
3. [[LiXuan]]
4. [[Kian]]
5. [[Elc]]
6. [[Hanne]]
7. [[Kenzo]]
8. [[Jockie Music]]
9. [[Shinjiru]]
10. [[Totally_Random]]
11. [[Tenshiii]]
# Minutes of the Meeting
## End Fight Event
### Highlights
- Great improvisation to unexpected turnouts
- AniNews officially established, headed by [[Shinjiru]], assisted by [[Totally_Random]].
- 46/50 participated in the event.
- Players enjoyed the event.
### Lowlights
- Poor planning.
- Poor event management.
## Staff Intern
### Media Staff
* [[Shinjiru]]
* [[Totally_Random]]
### Access
* `/vanish`
* `/tp`
* `/spectate`
* Hall of Shame/Fame (Discord)
### Responsibility
* Featuring news
* Featuring articles
* Freelance moderator
* Social Media
* Digital Arts
## Discord
- [x] Own discord link
- [ ] Leveling bot
## First Building Contest
### Proposal Date: 
- 1st Week of October
### Winner Prizes
#### Champion
1. **Master Builder Role**: 1 month access (for team they can distribute the access)
	`/echest`
	`/craft`
	`/anvil`
	`/smithingtable`
2. Reduce cooldown (Individual: reduced to 7min; Team: −5 min)
3. Build will be displayed at spawn (duplicate of the original)
4. 5 shulkers boxes
5. 10 types of building blocks of choice, one stack each
#### 1st Runner Up
1. Reduce cooldown (Individual: reduced to 7 min; Team: −5 min)
2. Build will be displayed at spawn (duplicate of the original)
3. 2 shulker boxes
4. 3 types of building blocks of choice, one stack each
#### 2nd Runner Up
1. 1 shulker box
2. 1 type of building block (1 stack)
### Event Mechanics
1. Raid are allowed for ongoing builds.
2. Builds should be in Overworld.
3. Take picture of your team who participate in the build once done.
4. Once submitted you cannot rebuild.
5. No slurs, inappropriate builds, taboo topics outside Minecraft—will result to disqualification and build destruction.
## Reached the Border
1. Raphaelboii
2. Memch0
### Prize
- 3 diamond blocks
- 3 iron blocks
- 1 stack golden carrots
- 10 exp bottles
# Plan of Action
- [ ] Chunky
- [ ] Plugins 
- [ ] World Reset
- [ ] Perms
- [ ] Transfer of IP 
- [ ] Staff application to be open